feat(gateway): Gateway.FastDirIndexThreshold (#8853)
ipfs/go-ipfs: docs/config.md

Type: `string` (url)

### `Gateway.FastDirIndexThreshold`

> The minimum number of items in a directory before the Gateway switches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum number of items in a directory before the Gateway switches
```

to a shallow, faster listing which only requires the root node.

> This allows for listing big directories fast, without the linear slowdown caused

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows for fast listings of big directories, without the linear slowdown caused
```

Type: `string` (url)

### `Gateway.FastDirIndexThreshold`

The minimal number of items in a directory that triggers Gateway
to switch to an inexpensive HTML listing generation.

This allows for listing big directories with tens of thousands of items
can be returned as soon as the root node of dag-pb directory is
resolved, without reading any additional metadata from child nodes.

Setting to 0 will enable fast listings for all directories.

Default: `100`

> Type: `optionalInteger`

Reviewer 2: :pray: Any way to make this sound less awkward?

Reviewer 3: Maybe something like...

"The minimum number of items in a directory before the Gateway switches to a shallow, faster listing which only considers the root-most items."

Reviewer 2: Simplified in https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/pull/8853/commits/736d6de0a16b96343045f69ab4a4cb1865ed2b07
